.TH LXQT-CONFIG "1" "January 2025" "LXQt 2.1.0" "LXQt Configuration Center"
.SH NAME
lxqt-config \- \fBLXQt\fR Configuration Center for all related modules and
applications
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B lxqt-config
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This application is a settings center for all environment related applications
and all configuration software installed and registered by the \fBLXQt\fR
desktop environment.
.P
.SH LXQt Settings Applications
.P
\fBLXQt\fR has various config applications:
.P
 * Input settings: (\fBlxqt-config-input\fR)
 * Brightness settings: (\fBlxqt-config-brightness\fR)
 * Appearance settings: (\fBlxqt-config-appearance\fR)
 * Session settings: (\fBlxqt-config-session\fR)
 * Notification settings: (\fBlxqt-config-notificationd\fR)
 * Monitor settings: (\fBlxqt-config-monitor\fR)
 * Locale settings: (\fBlxqt-config-locale\fR)
 * Power Management settings: (\fBlxqt-config-powermanagement\fR)
 * File Associations settings: (\fBlxqt-config-file-associations\fR)
 * Global Shortcuts settings: (\fBlxqt-config-globalkeyshortcuts\fR)
 * Desktop settings: (\fBpcmanfm-qt --desktop-pref=general\fR)
.P
Additionally, if present, other non-LXQt settings applications appear in the
Configuration Center under the categories "Other Settings" and "System Settings".
.P
These applications can also be found in the Settings or Preferences menu; please
consult the respective manpages.
.P
.SH OPTIONS
-v, --version  Displays version information.
.br
-h, --help     Displays help on command line options.
.br
--help-all     Displays help, including generic Qt options.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to https://github.com/lxqt/lxqt-config/issues
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBLXQt\fR has been tailored for users who value simplicity, speed, and an
intuitive interface. LXQt is also intended for less powerful machines. See:
.P
 * Input settings: \fBlxqt-config-input(1)\fR
.br
 * Appearance settings: \fBlxqt-config-appearance(1)\fR
.br
 * Session settings: \fBlxqt-config-session(1)\fR
.br
 * Notification settings: \fBlxqt-config-notificationd(1)\fR
